[Music]
hey guys what is up my name is Sarah
deechi rhymes with peachy if you're new
around here I do a lot of tech and
creativity stuff so I get sent products
when it comes to cameras or when it has
to do to photo video editing a lot of
times I respectfully pass and sometimes
I make reviews of stuff that I am a big
fan of and I definitely thought that the
video that you are seeing today would be
one of those awesome yayyyy product
videos but no I received a modular
hardware device that gifts creators
personalized control of any software so
think Adobe Premiere or Lightroom that
sounds sick am i right I was like send
it it's an amazing idea but I was
skeptical because I do have my own
keyboard shortcuts
I am very quick in Premiere and pretty
much anything that I could probably
program to a dial or a button or a
slider I could probably do with a
keyboard shortcut so that was what I was
coming into this with I've had an open
mind but I wanted to make sure it was
worth the price tag of 200 to 500
dollars I ran into connection issues it
took me about an hour to even have it
communicate with my computer and with
Premiere the way you connect these
mechanisms are via magnets and little
prongs so you have to make sure they're
touching the right way which I did but
they still are flimsy fast forward a few
more hours so a total of around three
hours and I still couldn't get it to
work properly once it connected I would
press buttons I would do dials and it
was super finicky and it would maybe
work three times out of
I tried Lightroom opposed to Premiere so
a photo editing software because video
editing software's could be a lot
sometimes the same problem same problem
I really wanted this to work only
because it was just a cool idea but dang
it was gonna be my entire video but it
was pretty bad and almost every single
feature I would assign to a button it
was rendered redundant by a simple
keyboard shortcut a few morals to this
story one for all of you creators out
there when it comes to camera computer
gear if it is not absolutely vital to
your process whether you are shooting
high-end commercials for big clients or
you're starting out on YouTube you don't
need it if it is not vital you don't
need it telling a story is more
important and when it comes to gear less
is more now I love I'm obsessed with it
I always have but I've never let it get
in a way of actually posting a video and
I post actually a lot of videos about
gear because it's fun and it's cool and
I like it a lot but the moment that it
becomes a problem that's that's a
problem second one for youtubers don't
push crap products on people if they
don't deliver number three if you are a
startup or business out there who is
making a product or service for the
creative or technology community it is
not to make something that is quirky it
has to satiate a need well so that was
kind of a product review gone wrong but
to make it up to you guys I'm actually
going on an adventure today I get to be
a guest on someone's podcast and then
I'm going to do a podcast with some
people that I really admire so I'm just
gonna take you along on that adventure
if that's okay with you but let's go
[Music]
oh my goodness guys the tables have
turned the turntables I am actually
being interviewed by the student I am a
filmmaker documentaries primarily I made
a documentary that we've released in
2016 called minimalism not cute it was
massive
no yeah yeah it was surprised it
surprised all of us it was an indie
documentary it was all self-funded it
was a passion project but yeah I also do
this podcast here called around options
for video I you know I played an
electric guitar band and so I was always
surrounded by musicians and music and so
once high school came along a lot of my
classes for some reason really embraced
the creative side of things we're like
okay you could write a report or you
could make a rap song about it it could
music fit yeah that happened so many
more times than normal I feel like and
so I became that chick who was like if
you want to make a rap music video for
your project you want to compete in
Sarah's group exactly so I kind of took
you know my background in music and
video I didn't I wasn't super
experienced in video but my dad had a
Canon t3i
and I was really good in iMovie and so I
would make my own rap songs for Pete's
projects and the one that popped off the
most I think the only one that I
actually opposed to YouTube it was
called if you like Google search the law
of supply and demand my music video is
like the fourth one Oh No dedication as
well
you know it's so good look at the
aftermath of a successful pie god
I know I know this is the craziest
tripod I think I've ever seen okay so
right there it's just a magnet holding
the legs together so you can just grab
it like that spread it like that and
then when you want to raise it right
here down you just lock Harry there it's
just like a one-man woman yeah you know
women also use tripods they just
upgraded to the c200 the canon c200 i
always wonder when my time is gonna come
to step it up from that 87 s5y and go to
that cinema that cinema level and they
went there oh you have the 85 on there I
bet that bokeh oh my gosh how do I look
guys out here recording live on the New
York streets you'll try blog you want it
how does this look guys it's a little
bit and then 85 would you like your whoa
queso new blogging camera you guys are
gonna see this the next vlog Congrats on
your baby
and I hope you guys enjoyed that video
if you have not checked out
mango Street yet do it they are a
amazing photography channel that does a
lot of helpful tutorials so it was so
fun getting them on the podcast and if
you're new around here I do have a
podcast called the creative exchange so
those links will be in the description
below you should definitely check it out
I've interviewed Gary Vaynerchuk Austin
Evans Jonathan Morrison there's a lot of
good stuff in there and it was also an
honor to be on Matt's podcast hopefully
that will be out soon I will link his
channel below as well and the point of
the beginning of this video was not to
bash the company so if you know about
the product I was talking about be nice
in the comments maybe don't pitch in
their name I think it could be a really
cool product and it has a ton of
potential maybe it's more for
photography but I think when you're
charging a certain amount for a product
it should work should just work every
single time anyways thank you guys so
much for hanging out with me I put on
new videos every single week so let me
know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week and remember
stay peachy okay
[Music]
[Applause]
you